39. Combination Sum

Medium

Given an array of distinct integers candidates and a target integer target, return a list of all unique combinations of candidates where the chosen numbers sum to target. You may return the combinations in any order.

The same number may be chosen from candidates an unlimited number of times. Two combinations are unique if the 
frequency
 of at least one of the chosen numbers is different.

The test cases are generated such that the number of unique combinations that sum up to target is less than 150 combinations for the given input.

 

Example 1:

Input: candidates = [2,3,6,7], target = 7
Output: [[2,2,3],[7]]
Explanation:
2 and 3 are candidates, and 2 + 2 + 3 = 7. Note that 2 can be used multiple times.
7 is a candidate, and 7 = 7.
These are the only two combinations.

Example 2:

Input: candidates = [2,3,5], target = 8
Output: [[2,2,2,2],[2,3,3],[3,5]]

Example 3:

Input: candidates = [2], target = 1
Output: []
 

Constraints:

1 <= candidates.length <= 30
2 <= candidates[i] <= 40
All elements of candidates are distinct.
1 <= target <= 40

```
class Solution {
    List<List<Integer>> res = new ArrayList<>();
    List<Integer> temp = new LinkedList<>();
    public List<List<Integer>> combinationSum(int[] candidates, int target) {
        backTracking(candidates, target, 0, 0);
        return res;
    }

    private void backTracking(int[] candidates, int target, int startIndex, int sum) {
        if (sum == target) {
            res.add(new ArrayList<>(temp));
            return;
        }
        if (sum > target) return;

        for (int i = startIndex; i < candidates.length; i++) {
            temp.add(candidates[i]);
            sum += candidates[i];
            backTracking(candidates, target, i, sum);
            temp.removeLast();
            sum -= candidates[i];
        }
    }
}
```

注意 ： 题目中的 无限重复 取，是 指没有 0的 情况下

这道题 虽然可以重复取，但是 还是组合， 不是排列，所以 重复的组合还是 算一个 组合，所以这里的 i 要从startIndex 开始跑，而不是 从 i = 0开始，另外递归的时候 穿进去的不是 i+1， 而是 i
